10.2.0-M1 release notes (#3095)
akka/akka-http: docs/src/main/paradox/migration-guide/migration-guide-10.2.x.md

> See the general @ref[compatibility guidelines](../compatibility-guidelines.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the general @ref[compatibility guidelines](../compatibility-guidelines.md).

Under these guidelines, minor version updates are supposed to be binary compatible and drop-in replacements
for former versions under the condition that user code only uses public, stable, non-deprecated API. Especially
libraries should make sure not to depend on deprecated API to be compatible with both 10.1.x and 10.2.x.

If you find an unexpected incompatibility please let us know, so we can check whether the incompatibility is accidental so we might still be able to fix it.
```

## Akka HTTP 10.1.11 -> 10.2.0

### Scalatest dependency upgraded to 3.1.0

The Scalatest dependency for akka-http-testkit was upgraded to version 3.1.0. This version is incompatible with previous
versions. This is relevant for user code if it uses methods from @scaladoc[ScalatestUtils](akka.http.scaladsl.testkit.ScalatestUtils)
(which are in scope if your test extends from @scaladoc[ScalaTestRouteTest](akka.http.scaladsl.testkit.ScalaTestRouteTest)).

> In this case, the project itself needs to update to use Scalatest >= 3.1.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, the project itself needs to be updated to use Scalatest >= 3.1.0.
```

See the general @ref[compatibility guidelines](../compatibility-guidelines.md).

Under these guidelines, minor version updates are supposed to be binary compatible and drop-in replacements
for former versions under the condition that user code only uses public, stable, non-deprecated API. Especially
libraries should make sure not to depend on deprecated API to be compatible with both 10.1.x and 10.2.x.

> If you find an unexpected incompatibility please let us know, so we can check whether the incompatibility is accidental so we might still be able to fix it.

Reviewer 2: 👍
